No mind is where we invite all into it, in absolute truth. Related truth, we have mind. Related
truth, we have mind. What related to the mind we have is not solid existing mind, it's magical
displays.
Ellusion. Those we discussed in the great master's room, Timbar 32, have that developed in the
space of the Dharma Dato or the Datta Kata Garva, and the clothes of the mistress of the duality or
the inner horizon, and then all the medicinal dualities are kind of created.
And then more details on those of you all know, those are the three habit dependence, habit
dependence of the land or the subject, object, habit dependence of the subject,
and habit dependence of the usage. Those are all, and I'm highlighted those we all know. That all
is related to. Related truth is not solid existing, it's component, it's impermanent, it's inter
dependent coordination, it's magical displays, it's illusion.
Again I'm talking illusion, I mean you know that illusion is not something bad, bad. This is just
the way things are. Even ourselves, it's like illusions, boring, really dream like boring, it's
here, but it's not going to last forever.
It's all, that is relative truth. The absolute truth is beyond the existing, non-existing, all of
them. At that level, then, mind, there's no substantive, existing mind, no mind. That's what we're
talking. So there's no mind.
That's it. We went through those and I let it go away too. There's no, we didn't find mind. And you
know too. We went yesterday and really said, "Where come from? Where is mind? Where is the same
mind?"
On the relative level we have the mind. Those are in the teaching, all of them said relative truth
existing perfectly, beautifully when we don't investigate, analyze, analytic put. We don't put
analytic. Isn't it?
But when you put analytic, analyze, sharp knowledge of your own intelligent Muslim, then relative
truth is in a very caring way. In a debate, relative truth is known as kunzo. Kunzo means, kun
means all, zom is illusion. Illusion is all illusion.
Then kunzo never, never made truth. So truth of illusion, the truth of all illusion. Why is it said
to look truth? Because when we have duality level, when we have duality, when we don't, it's
functioning perfectly.
Perfectly relative truth, even is illusion. Illusion is perfectly punctuating exactly what it has
to do. Such as fire heats up what it leaves. And the wind blooms. Art keeps the solid. Art makes
the best.
Similarly, all this evolves perfectly, therefore it is called the truth. We have left all illusion
truth. And that which translated into English, relative truth, I believe, that's it. And the tonda
demba, in the second truth, absolute truth, tonda demba, all in the supreme, absolute, supreme
truth.
Absolute supreme truth is, absolute truth cannot be defeated by anyone, not duality, not even
anyone's. It's there. But it's there, not there as existing, non-existing level, magic level.
As we discovered from looking, taking from our mind, mind is here, inevitable. We have, we have
mind. But then there is, there's nothing really in the location, identity, anything. Those are
known as the pre from the birth, pre from the identity, pre from the cessation.
It's true. It's not just making up the stories by Buddha and just trying to kind of carry away from
the very relative truth. It's the really truth. This is a current teaching. The whole universe and
everything is like that. There's no substantial solid entity at all.
That is absolute truth. So now we kind of, we went all that, now we go to this result. The absolute
result here, says hey, here, says it, that kind of thinking of I'm going to achieve the result.
That is dhoma, that is illusion, that is grasping.
There's nothing to gain on the absolute level. The enlightenment, the Buddha nature is already here
. Brilliant nature is here. Enlightenment is here. There's nothing really to gain, nor there's
nothing to lose. It's all here.
And therefore, kind of thinking I like to get this, I like to want this. All this is, conception.
And for that reason here, says if you are seeing, bounding our true nature, nature.
And it's a tenement, non-native, both are the desire, both are mind, duality mind, expectations,
wanting something, not that. This is all duality mind. Of course, wanting, getting enlightenment,
that is generally duality level, is good mind, is the useful mind.
But if we look into the point of view of the absolute truth, it is duality, it is attachment, it is
clinging.
Even the slight of clinging in the teaching said, fruit must be free there. In the Buddha teaching
what said, even slight desire to the Buddha, or desire to reach enlightenment is still stains of
the obscurations, stain, have to be removed.
And here said, continue, you will never realize the waking by the fruit of desires. Isn't creating
more and more and more? We innovate, drag it down in the joking point of view, absolute point of
view, we drag it down our resolve.
Blurring the resolve, thinking to get the resolve, achievement, something, kind of like that, we
can be robbed by dualities, or old by dualities.
But what it is said, when you reach to the fundamental ego, that is big of the fruit of wishes.
That is big of it.
That means you reach to the realization, you reach the part of realization of the nature of the
mind, free from hope and fears, and discover that with full of confidence, full of realization,
understanding daily that.
That is the result. And that's fine. Then, of course, we reach to the brotherhood, or discover
fully enlightenment.
So this is the absolute truth, or in the absolute levels of the fruit of wishes, what that is.
But however, we won't reach to that status immediately, this status. This is our goal, this is our
teaching.
But at the beginning of time, conduct, how we should play conduct.
Always, I said yesterday too, but conduct always should be with mindfulness.
And in the teachings, not just the minutes, teaching says, conduct should be followed according to
Vinaya teachings.
Conduct follows according to Vinaya teachings as the foundation schools, practitioners of the
Buddhism, or practitioners of the foundation schools of the community of Buddhism.
Follow that and award it to extremes, extremes of the heart case, extremes of the luxuries, lux
uries.
Relax and stay simple, calm, and peaceful, and continue to practice, meditate, and apply all the
instructions.
On the relative level of practices, such as all those hundra practices, akumalaki practices,
such as akumalai, meri, six-paramedha practices, particularly those five-paramedha practices, and
then that is akumalaki practice.
Once in the practice, Dokir is sub-bismissed Western practice, or Western accumulation practice.
There is always a too many, akumalaki meri, Muslim meri.
So, accumulation meri is from the university practice all the way to the concentration parliament.
Why concentration is as accumulation practice?
Because this time, concentration, we have some purpose in upholding something.
That still is mind duality.
Therefore, it is included as to the part of the accumulation meri.
And sometimes, also, meri is what concentration is, or pick-paramedha is part of the Muslim meri,
too.
But that's not a big contradiction.
Anyway, that's it.
And then, Muslim accumulation meri is zuqin.
So, that we should practice with devotion, with joy, and with courage, and commitment, with
determination.
Keep that practice with mindfulness, alertness, and the sign of realization.
Now, in practice, what is the sign of realization?
So, the sign of realization is ultimate sign is what is mentioned here,
that "prefer" all the hops and figs, and reach the equanimity of the ultimate state of the Buddha
nature,
all this dakanga that is covered.
But at the beginning sign, wherever process should pass, what is the sign of this?
In the teaching also, you said, science of the, there could be many things, we can think, maybe
dreams, visions, all kinds of all that.
Those are not, according to teaching, those are not solid.
Dreams and visions can trick us, trick us.
And they can trick us, it can blur out, we can activate it, or more dualities.
Dualities.
But solid sign of the practice, you know, so when you're practicing, what is it?
Devotions, pay, F-A-I-T-F, pay.
And the comparisons, and the versions.
And even in the teaching highlighted that, see, these poor qualities of the, the result of the,
are the practices, or the key practices of practice.
That is, increase more devotions.
And then, yeah.
And second is, understanding more meaning of the polynomial cycle process.
With the preciousness of these lives, and precious lives of others.
And, impermanent.
Please see, truly, these impermanent situations.
See that, please, more.
Not just wake, and intellectual brain states, or occasion.
Observing that, really saying that.
And then, cause and efforts are inevitable.
Our activities, the practitioner's activities have become so powerful.
And the teacher says, doesn't matter, even the smallest virtuous activity should perform.
Don't think, oh, is it not a big deal?
No, virtuous activity, very curious activity, and it is good.
And then, same thing, smallest negative activities, that looks negative.
Small should not avoid, or should avoid, don't ignore that.
And then, samsara has challenge, difficulties.
Those four announcements, when you have little more understanding of that nature,
that this is sign of your practice in going quite strongly.
Then, more completions.
More kindness, or more more each other.
Really, kind of, truly is arising from heart.
Heart, completions, longing, kindness, talk.
All beings.
And that more time, the wisdom, the relaxation, the emptiness, the relaxation of looking is very
booming.
That is a certain sign, that is certain, and this is what's called the unmistakable sign.
Those are the unmistakable signs.
With that, those are all happening.
Our mind, individual mind, also become more gentle, more peaceful, more calm,
more soothing, really so calming, more kind of satisfactory.
For that reason, the greatest teacher Buddha said in the teaching,
"Change your mind.
Change your mind.
This is my teaching."
Now, truly, that teaching is observant to our heart.
Jockey teachings, or from the Vedic teachings of Buddhism, all Mahayana teachings of Vedic,
Bodhisattva Jana teachings, or the Sutra teachings, or Jockey teachings, that's the teaching.
It works the same direction.
It's really working.
That is what this is my teaching.
That is.
Then, when that happens, we are, you are the holders of the Jockey Buddha teaching.
That is called the holder of the Buddha teaching.
Our money is to become more gentle, peaceful, calm.
Emotions are little bit, can't really become soft.
And that is how to begin.
Then it goes stronger and stronger and deeper and deeper.
Deeper.
That somehow is not happening.
Every time for the practice of Jockey teaching and Jockey practice,
all the practices are not happening.
That means our practices are going little bit different directions.
Different directions.
And I've been practicing.
Gee, I've practiced this many years.
What's the "D" something?
How do you feel that?
This is not something that happens externally.
Maybe we don't have to do something.
We need to activate those.
Because then our practice goes.
The measurement of the real achievement of it not varied by externally,
or somebody will say this and that thing.
The measurement of the achievement or the realization of fulfillment
is tested by one's own self.
Our mind is not behind of our own mind.
Not to me.
No. Each of us will know our own mind better than any of us.
Therefore, we should take through witness of our self,
see how it's developed.
More practice, more meditation, and at the same time,
calm and peaceful, complete and love and soothing.
In the teachings, when you have really realizations,
the great Master Ati, he said in his teachings,
when you have the realization of the practice, the real realization,
that individual becomes so gentle, so kind, so complete.
And really it begins to find the complete.
When you have the absolute realization of true nature,
or the true realization, the true realization,
that moment, that compassion is bursting.
Compassion is bursting.
Compassion in the wisdom goes targeted.
Not compassion is going one direction and the wisdom is going one direction.
A very true realization brings both the compassion,
the realization of the compassion in the wisdom.
Because nature, what is nature? It's union of compassion in the wisdom.
All compassion in the wisdom and love and kindness.
Therefore, it just comes naturally, for those reasons,
all those great Masters in their songs, religious, their life stories,
how they cry and confess and don't to the ground.
And so up and so good, those are the signs of "They are progressing.
They are moving forward."
So that's it. And you continue that, and then we get enlightenment.
Then we get really completely removed.
We remove the old obscuration, discovery of the Buddha and nature.